[DOCS] Add a known issue (#24236)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/about-openvino/release-notes-openvino.rst

    performance variance on Windows. Developers can use ov::hint::enable_cpu_pinning to enable
    or disable CPU pinning explicitly.

| **Component - Hardware Configuration**
| *ID* - N/A
| *Description:*

> |   Reduced performance observed on newer CPU processors. Modify the default settings in BIOS to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   Reduced performance for LLMs observed on newer CPUs. To mitigate, modify the default settings in BIOS to
```
